Update CSP page (#1292)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/security/clerk-csp.mdx

module.exports = nextConfig;
```

> Some notes about the `unsafe-eval` and `unsafe-inline` directives:

Reviewer: WDYT about a heading here:

```suggestion
## Usage of `unsafe-eval` and `unsafe-inline` directives in Next.js
```

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of adding this heading

> - Within `script-src`, `unsafe-eval` is a [requirement for next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/content-security-policy#without-nonces) to run in development mode. *For production environment CSPs, it should be removed*.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Within `script-src`, `unsafe-eval` is a [requirement for Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/content-security-policy#without-nonces) to run in development mode. *For production environment CSPs, it should be removed*.  
```

> - Within `script-src`, `unsafe-inline` is a requirement for next.js in both dev and prod environments if you're using app router. If you are using pages router, it should be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Within `script-src`, `unsafe-inline` is a requirement for Next.js in both dev and prod environments if you're using the App Router. If you are using the Pages Router, it should be removed.
```

> - Within `style-src`, `unsafe-inline` is a requirement for Clerk's components. Removing this requirement is on our roadmap - please [reach out to support](https://clerk/.com/support) if you'd like to see this implemented sooner.

Reviewer: Should we point them to the feedback portal instead of support@?

```suggestion
- Within `style-src`, `unsafe-inline` is a requirement for Clerk's components to inject their styles. Removing this requirement is on our roadmap - please [reach out to support](https://clerk/.com/support) if you'd like to see this implemented sooner.
```

Author: i feel like i'd prefer to start with support here but if we get a lot of them will switch over

> - Within `style-src`, `unsafe-inline` is a requirement for Clerk's components to inject their styles. Removing this requirement is on our roadmap - please [reach out to support](https://clerk/.com/support) if you'd like to see this implemented sooner.

Author: ```suggestion
- Within `style-src`, `unsafe-inline` is a requirement for Clerk's components to inject their styles. Removing this requirement is on our roadmap - please [reach out to support](https://clerk.com/support) if you'd like to see this implemented sooner.
```
